Stark contrast to last week:

The rest day (optional lab) day was huge for me last Thursday. Going into the weekend, I decided to prioritize completing and understanding lab assignments. As much as I could handle, and unfortunately for my TA, I went through and excessively commented nearly every line in every file. I also rewatched all the lecture videos relating to those lab assignments, from lab 5 on. This turned out to be an excellent choice, because now perhaps for the first time here at CF I actually feel like I can follow/recognize what is happening in code, beyond just for loops and basic logic. 

Also started following along typing out lecture code every day, which is helpful in that I appear to have a reasonably hard time paying close attention otherwise. By doing this, I'm able to comment out every line as its written for my own reference, take notes directly in the code itself, and identify when and where I don't understand something. This assists in knowing what to ask, and how to communicate what I don't understand instead of staring blankly at the projector and attempting to scribble notes either in a separate application or down on paper. 

With these changes in approach, I'm confident that I'll be entirely or very nearly up to speed come Monday morning with respect to lab/whiteboarding submissions/resubmissions. Recognize there's still plenty to do, but there's been a distinct change in how I think about/interact with this material. Morale boosted.


Some minor epiphanies:
* How to adapt my learning style to the material in question
* Greater understanding/exposure to the debugging process, and the usefulness of the debug module
* Actually understanding that lexical arrow functions have an implicit return, and how to use that to our advantage, especially with promises && .then() .catch()
* Recognition of the need of returning something from methods if we want to chain then, once again .then() .catch() as well as other applications
* With all our parsing and exchange of objects, if you can identify what form something is in, you can figure out how to format it as needed to interact with any part of an application. Was lost until this week on what JSON.stringify and .json(something) were **actually** doing, when they needed to be used, and why.
* A profound appreciation for the packages and tools we are being shown in this course. Thank you, .findAndUpdateById(...) ... ... ...