Hello darkness, my old friend.

Turns out I'm not synched up with React and the front-end yet. Vanilla HTML/CSS and even jQuery was fine but React is in its own league. I'm having a bit of trouble transitioning from all the back-end work we've been doing back to thinking about React the way it demands. Instructor mentioned today that it would be very beneficial to draw out the flow of information, props, etc. between the various components and I'd have to agree. Tried doing that today and it helped a lot to visualize any way to keep track of all the moving parts in these styles of applications. Not concerning though, I feel competent enough as is and although I'm feeling a bit of post-project lag this weekend will provide an opportunity to do what I was doing during the first half and really buckle down on this library.

One thing I'm a little foggy on is the different use cases for state, more specifically what to include in various component levels. I've seen some approach our labs by splitting up different properties (on the note item for example, dividing up half the properties on the dashboard or note-form, and the rest on the note-item componenets state) into I'm just not naturally understanding when or why you would do that, nor what the benefits/disadvantages are for whatever reason. Looking through the temperature converter example from our readings, there's nothing clicking as to why or how it relates to the ones we've been working on. Will be checking with instructors/TAs tomorrow for a little conceptual help tomorrow.

Not feeling so hot.

**Learnings**
* How to actually pass props down to different child components in the application.
* That I don't really know why things are updating when I make some changes. For example, all of a sudden my note were having the content and title captured from the form and I have literally no idea why or what I did that changed it. 
* That I have a lot of questions to ask, and have been resistant to doing so the past couple days.
* That I like the back-end... Or perhaps I'm partial since I finally felt like I understood something for the first time at CF while working with servers. Who knows.
* That I really hope we're going to have an 'aha' moment of leaving behind some of the approach this week. We have been doing it all throughout CF after all. Some things we've learned so far this week feel unnecessarily confusing, but this may just be how React is structured and its benefits outway any learning curve confusion/disadvantage.